Doc: Support for wildcard topic subscriptions in MQTT Service (#4432)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/mqtt-service-bundle/implementation.md

#### Wildcard subscriptions {#wildcard-subscriptions}

> A _wildcard subscription_ allows a device to subscribe to multiple MQTT topics using a _pattern_ instead of a fixed topic name. The MQTT Service supports wildcard subscriptions in compliance with MQTT version 3.1.1 and 5.0 standards.

Reviewer: Nitpick: There is a semi-convention at least in our sections of the doc that we have a line break at the end of a sentence. It keeps lines shorter and helps to make the paragraph structure clear at a glance. It would be good to keep that convention throughout this file.

Author: 1dddcf399c18bc52cff8cc6dc71ff66f8f91cfb4

> * **Single-level (+):** Matches exactly one topic level. For example, `sensors/+/temperature` matches `sensors/room1/temperature` but not `sensors/room1/basement/temperature`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Single-level (+)**: Matches exactly one topic level. For example, `sensors/+/temperature` matches `sensors/room1/temperature` but not `sensors/room1/basement/temperature`.
```

> * **Multi-level (#):** Matches any number of nested levels. It must be the last character in the topic string. For example, `sensors/#` matches `sensors/room1/temperature` and `sensors/room2/basement/humidity`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Multi-level (#)**: Matches any number of nested levels. It must be the last character in the topic string. For example, `sensors/#` matches `sensors/room1/temperature` and `sensors/room2/basement/humidity`.
```

> **Device isolation**

Reviewer: Issue: This renders as "**Device isolation** Device isolation remains active..." which looks a bit odd. IMHO just drop the bolded part, or make it a level 5 heading if those exist (I think that is overkill for a short paragraph like this though)

Author: b9633a4a6755f9bdf4377ef8b3f87026788fda88

Device isolation remains active when using wildcards. A wildcard subscription does not grant access to topics that the client is not already authorized to see.

> **Overlapping subscriptions**

Reviewer: Issue: Likewise I would drop this bolded text or replace it with a heading.

Author: b9633a4a6755f9bdf4377ef8b3f87026788fda88

If a client has multiple overlapping subscriptions that match the same topic (for example, a subscription to `sensors/+/status` and another to `sensors/thermostat/status`), the MQTT Service delivers the message *only once*.  

> In cases where the overlapping subscriptions have different Quality of Service settings, the service delivers the message using the highest QoS level defined among the matching subscriptions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In cases where the overlapping subscriptions have different Quality of Service (QoS) settings, the service delivers the message using the highest QoS level defined among the matching subscriptions.
```

Reviewer 2: Has this term already been introduced earlier in this chapter? Then we could simply use "QoS".

Reviewer: Yes, it was introduced at the start of this section: https://cumulocity-iot-c8y-docs-build-pr-3948.surge.sh/device-integration/mqtt-service/#quality-of-service-qos

Author: b9633a4a6755f9bdf4377ef8b3f87026788fda88

{{< c8y-admon-caution >}}
**Core MQTT topics and wildcards**

> While the MQTT Service may technically accept wildcard subscriptions to [Core MQTT topics](#core-mqtt-topics), this is **officially unsupported**. Using wildcards with Core MQTT topics (such as SmartREST or JSON-over-MQTT) can lead to unpredictable behavior. We strongly recommend using fixed topic strings for all implementations requiring [Core MQTT device support](#core-mqtt-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the MQTT Service will accept wildcard subscriptions to [Core MQTT topics](#core-mqtt-topics), this is **not supported**.
Using wildcards with Core MQTT topics can lead to unpredictable behavior.
We strongly recommend using fixed topic strings for all subscriptions to Core MQTT topics.
```

Author: Suggestion applied.

#### Wildcard subscriptions {#wildcard-subscriptions}

A _wildcard subscription_ allows a device to subscribe to multiple MQTT topics using a _pattern_ instead of a fixed topic name.
The MQTT Service supports wildcard subscriptions in compliance with MQTT version 3.1.1 and 5.0 standards.

* **Single-level (+)**: Matches exactly one topic level. 
  For example, `sensors/+/temperature` matches `sensors/room1/temperature` but not `sensors/room1/basement/temperature`.
* **Multi-level (#)**: Matches any number of nested levels. 
  It must be the last character in the topic string. 
  For example, `sensors/#` matches `sensors/room1/temperature` and `sensors/room2/basement/humidity`.

> ##### Device isolation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Device isolation {#device-isolation}
```

Device isolation remains active when using wildcards. 
A wildcard subscription does not grant access to topics that the client is not already authorized to see.

> ##### Overlapping subscriptions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Overlapping subscriptions {#overlapping-subscriptions}
```
